Adding documentation for Content Security Policy and new Struts tags (#2)
salcho/struts-site: source/core-developers/csp-interceptor.md

We provide a `DefaultCspSettings` class that specifies a strict-dynamic nonce-based policy, which means the `DefaultCspSettings` also handles generating a nonce value. With each response, a new nonce value is generated which is specific to each request cycle. This design provides developers with a robust policy they can use, but also the flexibility to implement their own policy and use it with the CspInterceptor if they need to. The interceptor calls the `addCspHeaders` method of `DefaultCspSettings` which adds the CSP header to the response and attaches the nonce value in the request's session. The session is a generic map of key, value pairs unique to every request.

Refer to the security [index file](https://github.com/apache/struts-site/blob/master/source/security/index.md) for more infomation about the CSP policy and design.

```
Content-Security-Policy:
  object-src 'none';
  script-src 'nonce-{random}' 'strict-dynamic' https: http:;
  base-uri 'none';
  report-uri https://your-report-collector.example.com/csp-report
```

## Parameters

> - `enforcingMode` - Boolean variable the defines whether the `CspInterceptor` operates under enforcing or reporting mode. In enforcing mode, any event that violates the policy is not executed and if the policy specifies  a `reportUri` a JSON object with the details of the CSP violation is sent to the specified endpoint. In reporting mode, the event is executed normally and a CSP report is being sent to the defined `reportUri`. Default vaulue for variable is `false`.

Reviewer: this is missing the `reportUri` parameter, which isn't sent by default.

Author: Thanks

> - `enforcingMode` - Boolean variable the defines whether the `CspInterceptor` operates under enforcing or reporting mode. In enforcing mode, any event that violates the policy is not executed and if the policy specifies  a `reportUri` a JSON object with the details of the CSP violation is sent to the specified endpoint. In reporting mode, the event is executed normally and a CSP report is being sent to the defined `reportUri`. Default vaulue for variable is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `enforcingMode` - Boolean variable the defines whether the policy is enforced. In enforcing mode, scripts that violate the policy won't be executed and, if the `reportUri` directive is set, a violation report will be sent to it. In reporting mode, all scripts are allowed to executed with violation reports sent to the defined `reportUri`. Default value for variable is `false`.
```

Author: Since CSP not only blocks scripts but also blocks links too, I'll write `scripts and links` in place of `scripts`? Lmk what you think

Reviewer: yeah that sounds good, but `link` is just one of many ways to deliver stylesheets, so you really want to say `scripts and stylesheets`

Author: Awesome will do

---
layout: default
title: CSP Interceptor
parent:
    title: Interceptors
    url: interceptors.html
---

# Fetch Metadata Interceptor

## Description

An interceptor that implements the Content Security Policy (CSP) on incoming requests.

Content Security Policy is a mitigation against XSS and CSS injection attacks. The recommended way to use CSP is to implement [strict CSP](https://csp.withgoogle.com/docs/index.html).

> CSP is enabled by setting the `Content-Security-Policy` or `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP response headers, based on whether it’s in enforcing or reporting mode, respectively. In enforcing mode, any event that violates the policy is not executed and if the policy specifies  a `reportUri` a JSON object with the details of the CSP violation is sent to the specified endpoint. In reporting mode, the event is executed normally and a CSP report is being sent to the defined `reportUri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSP can enabled by setting either the `Content-Security-Policy` or the `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP response headers, which instruct the browser whether to enforce the policy or evaluate and report only. In enforcing mode, scripts that violate the policy will not be executed and if the policy specifies a value for the `report-uri` directive, a violation report will be sent to the specified endpoint. In reporting mode, while scripts are always allowed to run, CSP violation reports will be logged in DevTools and optionally sent to the defined `report-uri` endpoint.
```

> We provide a `DefaultCspSettings` class that specifies a strict-dynamic nonce-based policy, which means the `DefaultCspSettings` also handles generating a nonce value. With each response, a new nonce value is generated which is specific to each request cycle. This design provides developers with a robust policy they can use, but also the flexibility to implement their own policy and use it with the CspInterceptor if they need to. The interceptor calls the `addCspHeaders` method of `DefaultCspSettings` which adds the CSP header to the response and attaches the nonce value in the request's session. The session is a generic map of key, value pairs unique to every request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Struts provides a `DefaultCspSettings` class that generates a strong strict-dynamic, nonce-based policy. This object will automatically generate a nonce value scoped to the current request. This design provides developers with a robust policy while giving them the flexibility to implement their own policy and use it with the CspInterceptor if they need to. The interceptor calls the `addCspHeaders` method of `DefaultCspSettings` which adds the CSP header to the response and attaches the nonce value in the request's session. The session's life cycle is tied to that of the request's.
```
